IGNITE-24444 Add documentation about interactive request sensitive da… (#11911)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/tools/control-script.adoc

| --host HOST_OR_IP | The host name or IP address of the node. | `localhost`
| --port PORT | The port to connect to. | `10800`
| --user USER | The user name. |

> | --password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a User password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--password PASSWORD`, this is strongly not recommended for security reasons. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a User password if the server demands password authentication. However, `control.sh` will waste a connection attempt finding out that the server wants a password. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a user password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--password PASSWORD`, doing so is strongly discouraged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a user password if the server requires password authentication. However, `control.sh` will waste a connection attempt while determining whether the server needs a password. |
```

Author: Done

> | --password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a user password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--password PASSWORD`, doing so is strongly discoureged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a user password if the server requires password authentication. However, `control.sh` will waste a connection attempt while determining whether the server needs a password. |

Reviewer: Found a typo:

```suggestion
| --password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a user password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--password PASSWORD`, doing so is strongly discouraged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a user password if the server requires password authentication. However, `control.sh` will waste a connection attempt while determining whether the server needs a password. |
```

Author: Done

| --ssl-protocol PROTOCOL1, PROTOCOL2... | A list of SSL protocols to try when connecting to the cluster. link:https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/security/java-security-overview1.html#GUID-FCF419A7-B856-46DD-A36F-C6F88F9AF37F[Supported protocols,window=_blank]. | `TLS`
| --ssl-cipher-suites CIPHER1,CIPHER2...  | A list of SSL ciphers. link:https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/specs/security/standard-names.html#jsse-cipher-suite-names[Supported ciphers,window=_blank]. |
| --ssl-key-algorithm ALG | The SSL key algorithm. | `SunX509`
| --keystore-type KEYSTORE_TYPE | The keystore type. | `JKS`
| --keystore KEYSTORE_PATH | The path to the keystore. Specify a keystore to enable SSL for the control script.|

> | --keystore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a keystore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--keystore-password KEYSTORE_PWD`, this is strongly not recommended for security reasons. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a keystore password before connecting to the cluster if `--keystore KEYSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --keystore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a keystore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--keystore-password KEYSTORE_PWD`, doing so is strongly discouraged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a keystore password before connecting to the cluster if `--keystore KEYSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |
```

Author: Done

> | --keystore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a keystore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--keystore-password KEYSTORE_PWD`, doing so is strongly discoureged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a keystore password before connecting to the cluster if `--keystore KEYSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |

Reviewer: Found a typo:

```suggestion
| --keystore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a keystore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--keystore-password KEYSTORE_PWD`, doing so is strongly discouraged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a keystore password before connecting to the cluster if `--keystore KEYSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |
```

Author: Done

| --truststore-type TRUSTSTORE_TYPE | The type of the truststore. | `JKS`
| --truststore TRUSTSTORE_PATH | The path to the truststore. |

> | --truststore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a truststore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--truststore-password TRUSTSTORE_PWD`, this is strongly not recommended for security reasons. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a truststore password before connecting to the cluster if `--truststore TRUSTSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --truststore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a truststore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--truststore-password TRUSTSTORE_PWD`, doing so is strongly discouraged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a truststore password before connecting to the cluster if `--truststore TRUSTSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |
```

Author: Done

> | --truststore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a truststore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--truststore-password TRUSTSTORE_PWD`, doing so is strongly discoureged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a truststore password before connecting to the cluster if `--truststore TRUSTSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |

Reviewer: Found a typo:

```suggestion
| --truststore-password | Force `control.sh` to prompt for a truststore password before connecting to a cluster. Although you can explicitly specify a value for this option like `--truststore-password TRUSTSTORE_PWD`, doing so is strongly discouraged due to security concerns. If this option is omitted, `control.sh` will automatically prompt for a truststore password before connecting to the cluster if `--truststore TRUSTSTORE_PATH` argument is specified. |
```

Author: Done
